all right Tommy cow it here on the loan
with growing green work Caldwell Academy
we're on a Bermuda field this is their
game field its Bermuda grass and Patrick
Cunningham is performing a Vertica
aeration on this field this field gets
over seeded with perennial ryegrass in
the fall give it a really good color in
the spring and as a result of that we
ended up with a disease called spring
dead spot here on the Bermuda you can
see it happens to Bermuda grass when you
over seeded and you fertilize it in the
winter time it encourages that disease
I'll show you what he's doing
as Patrick goes by
this is a vertical she also got a poor
aerator so it does pull cores now what
will happen is from vertically the field
we're gonna encourage a lot of lateral
growth the runners of the Bermuda will
begin to run into some of these bare
spots we also do our heavy feeding this
time of year on the Bermuda so we should
get complete coverage here within a
month or so Bermuda loves the heat in
which we're finally starting to get so
to try to offset this spring dead spot
this field has been sprayed out with
negate a sulfonylurea product to kill
off that rye grass so we're cleaning it
up and bird a cutting will do some
feeding on this field and it's all part
of good cultural practices to improve
the playability of this field ok so
Tommy cow just wanted to share that with
you if you have any questions you can
post below and hope you enjoy the video
thanks